So there are many different channels to run paid ads on, paper click ads.
Meta, which is one of the most popular, if not the most popular, that was kind
of the
OG platform was Facebook ads.
And that's under the umbrella of meta.
This lets you run ads on Instagram in reels, on Instagram stories, Facebook as
you're scrolling
through the timeline, banner ads on the website.
The whole nine yards, it's very inclusive.
Their algorithm is by far one of the best.
It's been around the longest.
It's really good, really solid platform.
Everything was pretty much based on this.
Then we go to tick tock ads, which it's a little more simplistic.
It's just ads directly in tick tock.
There's a lot you could do here.
You can do, you can just post a video and it comes up as an ad.
You could do a partnership ad.
You could do this on Instagram too.
By the way, it's called a spark ad where you have someone post from their
account and then
you put ad spend behind it.
So this is how you can branch influencer marketing and paper click marketing
together.
Apple search ads, which is not the first thing people think of when they think
of search
ads, or sorry, when they think of paper click ads in general.
But Apple search ads is actually really, really overlooked.
There's a lot of potential there for new apps.
It's basically just bidding on keywords.
The reason it's so good is because it is the only platform where the
attribution is one
to one.
Apple has all these privacy rules that really stop you from knowing exactly
where your users
came from, knowing how profitable each channel was.
Apple search ads is the one exception in that platform that you can know.
Therefore, it's a great one to run on because there's very little, if any,
uncertainty.
If it's profitable.
It's also easy to settle and we'll get into that.
Google ads, Google ads, there are a bunch of different ways to run Google ads.
There are search ads, search term ads.
So if you Google something, you could place a bid where you're like the
highlighted first
result, the sponsored first result, but what's more popular as of recently with
apps is Google
UAC ads and Google UAC ads.
I want to look this up.
It is they're basically universal app campaigns and they let you run basically
ads everywhere
for your app.
You can run like it.
You set it up once and then it will show the ads across all Google platforms.
So it will show ads on the Google Play Store.
It will show ads on YouTube.
It will show ads on the Google display network, which is basically ads running
within other
apps, Google search.
So Google UAC is a big thing.
And I know many people that have apps doing millions of dollars a month and
Google UAC
is their biggest spender, biggest contributor to that.
AppLoven is a platform that personally I never used, but there's been a lot of
buzz around
it recently.
There's some rumors like you have to be spending at least 30 K a day in order
to get on the
platform.
It's basically just running ads within other apps, running video ads within
other apps.
And I've heard good things, but I've also heard bad things.
I just very mixed.
I wouldn't recommend really spending too much time thinking about this by the
point that
you would need to run app, love and ads, your app will already be very
successful and you
could hire someone to do it.
And by the way, I do want you guys to take into account something is that I
with Kali
I so we initially started out with influencer marketing exclusively.
And then we decided, Hey, okay, we know there's big opportunity with paid ads
as well.
So we're going to keep doing what we're best at influencers.
And then let's use an agency on the side to run our to run our ads.
And so we we did that.
It worked out decently well.
We were spending we were spending a few thousand dollars a day profitably, but
then with pretty
much anything I'm very against agencies long term.
They're good for short term sometimes, but not long term.
We decided we want to really start scaling this and agency is they move too
slow for
our pace number one rule of business speed.
And so we decided to take it in house.
I started learning.
I started watching a bunch of podcasts talking on my friends who are great with
paid ads.
And where was I going with this?
Oh, well, it we started running again.
And there are a lot of ups and downs with paid ads.
Some of the biggest problems come from the smallest things generally once you
're set
up, you're good to go and scale the only issues come from attribution issues,
which
we'll get into, which is all about apples privacy rules.
But the reason why I wanted to say that is because I started we I did not start
the face.
So I did not start the ad platform like I did not set up initially running
paper click ads
for a cali.
We had an inch to do it.
Then I took over.
I started it from scratch.
However, we only scaled it so far before bringing in someone else to continue
scaling
it with us.
And that's something you should honestly keep in mind for every section is you
only need
to know up to a certain point where you're making enough money or you could
then hire
someone to replace you.
And that's basically what we did.
We just waited until we were making enough where it made sense to bring someone
on and
the ads were going to pay for their salary.
And so I'm going to teach you enough where you could get to that point.
However, I'm definitely not a master at this.
I'm definitely not the best in the world.
I know how to get it going.
I know how to hire for it, hire some of the best in the world.
Once you have it going, but keep in mind, this is going to be pretty high level
.
We're going to go through all the principal strategies.
And we'll also talk about how you should hire someone at what point you should
hire
someone to.
So the last one here is Snapchat ads.
And Snapchat ads, we've run them once.
They weren't profitable for us.
We're going to try them again.
I think may have jumped the gun.
Haven't done enough testing.
But it's Snapchat stories or Snapchat spotlight as you're scrolling through.
You can see ads.
For some people, it's very profitable, very profitable.
It's a general that most people don't actually look into.
So your CPMs, well, I don't know why, but that in quotes, CPM your cost per
thousand
views is relatively inexpensive.
[BLANK_AUDIO]